Update API Docs for Resource Search cursor pagination (#3105)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/pulumi-cloud/cloud-rest-api/_index.md

| Name       | In    | Type          | Required | Description                                                                                                                              |
|------------|-------|---------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| org        | path  | string           | true     | Name of the organization to search.                                                                                                      |
| query      | query | string           | false    | The search query to execute. If omitted all resources are returned (subject to any pagination limits).                                   |

> | sort       | query | array[string]    | false    | Results are returned sorted by this field value.                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| sort       | query | array[string]    | false    | The field(s) by which to sort results.                                                                                          |
```

> | asc        | query | boolean          | false    | Whether to return results in ascending or descending sort order.                                                                         |

Reviewer: If this param is optional, does that mean results are sorted _descendingly_ by default? (For example, if `sort` field is provided but this param isn't?)

Reviewer 2: Yes, descending by default. Added clarification.

| size       | query | integer          | false    | How many results to return at a time.                                                                                                    |

> | paginate   | query | "cursor", "page" | false    | If requesting multiple pages of results, the pagination method to use.

Reviewer 3: We should indicate that the default value is `page`

Reviewer: We should probably make this `string` and indicate that valid values are `cursor` and `page`.

Author: [152f60b](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-hugo/pull/3105/commits/152f60b25d5c2cfd937b87f3a16207f9444ae711)

If specified more than once, the first parameter is the primary sort order and subsequent parameters control additional sorting criteria.

> Special consideration needs to be given if using this in tandem with the **cursor** parameter, see below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Special consideration needs to be given if using this in tandem with the `cursor` parameter, see below.
```

Allowed values: created, custom, delete, id, modified, module, name, package, parent.urn, pending, project, protected, provider.urn, stack, type, urn.

**asc**: Whether to return results in ascending or descending sort order.

**size**: How many results to return at a time.

> **paginate**: If requesting multiple pages of results, the pagination method to use. Should be "cursor" or "page"

Reviewer 3: ```
(Optional) the pagination method for retrieving multiple pages of results. One of `page` (default) for an ordered list of the first 10k results, or `cursor` for iterating through the entire unordered list of results.
```

Reviewer: +1 to Evan's comment, but I'd capitalize `The pagination`.

Author: [7757cfa](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-hugo/pull/3105/commits/7757cfa27983f0980b2ca5f483973854ce3f8f67)

This tells the API that you would like to receive a continuation token for paging additional results.

**page**: The page of results to return.

> The page parameter can only be used to fetch up 10,000 resources. If a query matches more than 10,000 resources, the "cursor" parameter should be used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `page` parameter can only be used to fetch up 10,000 resources. If a query matches more than 10,000 resources, the `cursor` parameter should be used instead.
```

**cursor**: A continuation token for pagination.
Only available on Enterprise plans.

> To receive a cursor from the API, you need to issue a `paginate="cursor"` query parameter with your initial request. This informs the API that it should return a cursor as part of the JSON response.

Reviewer 3: How about something like:

```
`paginate=cursor` returns a continuation token that can be used to page through all results of a query, not just the first 10,000. Cursor pagination will ignores any sort parameters in the query and instead returns results sorted by a stable resource ID.
```

Reviewer: +1, but with `Cursor pagination ignores`.

Author: This is not entirely correct. We do respect any custom sorts applied by the customer--it is the relevance sorting that they see for a query issued in the UI that we drop if paginating.

This decision was made because sorting is _fine_, provided it is deterministic/stable. It was the relevance sort, which can yield different values on every request regardless of underlying data changes, that caused the bug and that we dropped.

All of our other fields are going to be stable unless a stack update finalizes as the pagination requests are in-flight, which I've called out. Happy to reword this.

Reviewer 3: IMO this is too complicated and unnecessary to explain in detail. I would just say something accurate but vague instead:

```
Cursor pagination does not guarantee that results are returned in sorted order.
``

> Undefined behavior can occur if the query results are impacted during pagination, for example as the result of a completed stack update. This also means that sort order must be deterministic to yield expected results, as cursor pagination respects sorting.

Reviewer 3: > sort order must be deterministic to yield expected results, as cursor pagination respects sorting

I don't think I understand what this means. Cursor pagination does not respect sorting, right? I thought part of the change we made was stripping sorting from cursor based pagination to make results more stable. 

Probably we should say something simpler: 

```
Resource Search uses an eventually consistent data store and code that calls this API must account for that. For instance, stack updates trigger resources to be reindexed which may cause results to change while you are following the cursor (i.e. you may see duplicate results while following the cursor if updates are occurring frequently).
```

Author: Relates to [my comment](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-hugo/pull/3105/files#r1244195779) above
